=pod

=head1 NAME

Array::FIFO - A Simple limitable FIFO array, with sum and average methods

=head1 VERSION

version 0.08

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $ar = Array::FIFO->new( limit => 12 );
    $ar->add( 20 );
    $ar->add( 18 );
    $ar->add( 22 );

    say $ar->average;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Array::FIFO is meant to be a simple limitable FIFO array, for storing data in a FIFO
manner, with an optional limit to how large the array can get.  When the limit is
reached, the oldest value is discarded when new values are added.

It's intent is for numeric values (i.e. current load of a system), but it should work 
for other data types if you're not in need of the calculation methods.

The C<sum> and C<average> methods keep the current sum and average of the numbers
as you would expect.  It does this on demand.


=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<new>

=over 4

=item C<limit> (optional)

Numeric value of how large the array is allowed to get.  When it reaches 
limit, every item added causes the oldest item to be removed.

If no value is passed, there is no max size.


=back

=head2 C<add>

    $ar->add( 99 );

You can add any type of item to the array; if it's not a number it will just
not affect the sum() or average() calculations.

=head2 C<remove>

    $ar->remove;

Remove the oldest item on the array.

=head2 C<queue>

    $ar->queue;

Reference directly the fifo array.

=head2 C<size>

    $ar->size;

How many elements are in the array.

=head2 C<limit>

    $ar->limit;

The maximum size the array is allow to be.

=head2 C<sum>

    $ar->sum;

The sum of all numeric elements in the array.

=head2 C<average>

    $ar->average;

The average of all numeric elements in the array.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Burke C<< dburke at addictmud.org >>

=head1 BUGS

If you encounter any bugs, or have feature requests, please create an issue 
on github. https://github.com/dwburke/perl-Array-FIFO/issues

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

=cut
